

Movie Name: Inglourious Basterds

Release date of the movie: August 21, 2009 (United States)

Movie genre: war film

Movie dialogue: Col. Hans Landa: “If a rat were to walk in here right now as I’m talking, would you treat it to a saucer of your delicious milk?”
Perrier LaPadite: “Probably not.”
C: “I didn’t think so. You don’t like them. You don’t really know why you don’t like them. All you know is you find them repulsive. Consequently, a German soldier conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding Jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar, he looks everywhere *he* would hide, but there’s so many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However, the reason the Führer’s brought me off my Alps in Austria and placed me in French cow country today is because it does occur to me. Because I’m aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity.”

Scenario Description: I think that Perrier LaPadite was the man with the worst luck in “Inglourious Basterds”, and that’s saying something. Some could argue that the most unlucky character was the young man in the bar who was killed the day his son was born, or Michael Fassbender’s character, who was shot to dead before he could fully share his sexiness with the world, but those people would be wrong.
Poor Perrier had to hide his neighbors under the floor of his house, awaiting the visit of a Nazi squad led by the most dangerous man in the world, while having to keep providing for his wife and daughters, who could be killed or imprisoned if things don’t go well. It’s fair to say that he was under pressure. This is how the film starts, a good man preparing himself to face evil, and things certainly don’t go well.
Hans Landa, played by the incredible Christoph Waltz (who earned an Oscar for his efforts in this film), butchers him with his fast paced conversation, undeniable confidence, multilingual talents and demonic wisdom. LaPadite, the manly farmer with enough balls to face the Nazis by himself, ends up crying and reveals his friend’s hiding spot. It’s all over and we never know what happens to him and his family after that.
The dialogue is smart and gives us a peek into a Nazi soldier’s mind. We see both men in the same shot when the intensity is low; when the climax is coming, the pressure also rises with full close-ups of the character’s reactions and then bullets swarm the house.
